hey guys Ashiya from Cosmo common this
is my tutorial on how to route the
Micromax canvas HD a 1:1 six so guys the
first thing you need to do is go ahead
and download these files link one you'd
get the DA will be the drivers so it'll
be a zip file with x64 and x86 drivers
so right click on my computer properties
and you'll see whether your system type
is 64 or 32 bit depending on that just
install the driver and then link number
2 will be mt6589 android scatter emmc
link 3 will be recovery link 4 will be
SP flash tool exe link 5 will be su bin
and link 6 will be super user so just go
ahead and download these 6 files and
once you've done that go ahead and
connect your camera's HD to the pc with
a micro USB cable and turn on USB
storage hit OK
so just open the folder and now transfer
links 5 & 6 to the internal SD card ok
link 5 and link 6 transfer to your
internal x SD card and then turn this
off enough
turn off USB storage I've already
transferred it that's right and do it on
cam right now enough hold the power
button and power off ok so now we can
unplug the micro USB cable so guys what
you do right now is from link for the SP
flash tube that we download it right
click and extract it you need to have a
window are installed on the system if
you don't just google it download winrar
and now open it up just right-click on
flash 2 - administrator so over here
click on scatter loading and navigate to
wherever it is that you downloaded at
the mt6589 android scatter emmc txt file
that was I'm sorry that was link link to
that we downloaded so just select it and
now just scroll down make sure
everything else is unchecked and just
recovery is checked and click recovery
and select the link 3 file that we
downloaded the recovery image alright so
right now what you do is you pull out
your battery from your camera's HD a 1 a
1 1 6 and now if connected to your PC
with your micro USB cable just plug it
in it is mandatory that you remove the
battery and it's advisable if you can
remove anything else you know some cards
or whatever once you've done that just
go into options make sure USB mode this
check da download all is checked and
under speed it says force to high speed
once you've double-checked all these
just go ahead and hit download and click
yes faster one
so right now it says sir Chang and give
it about a minute and if it's still
stuck on searching just unplug the cable
wait a few seconds and then we plug it
back
and I see it gets detected com6 Micromax
a 1 1 6 preloader USB v compote con sex
so now just wait for it to complete and
once you see the green circle there it
means it's done so now you can close it
and you can unplug the micro USB cable
now just go ahead and pop the battery
back in and now hold the up and down
volume keys and the power button at the
same time and when you see the flash on
screen and when you see these words
display just let it go and over here it
says volume up for recovery so we had
volume up so we enough in clockworkmod
based recovery so now scroll down select
Install zip from sdcard and hit the
power button over here the volume
buttons act from act for navigation and
the power button is for selection so hit
install zip from sdcard
now hit choose zip from sdcard and now
go ahead and select the superuser file
the one we downloaded from link 5 and
transferred to the internal SD so just
select it and navigate hit yes install
superuser so now this will take a second
once it's done now again select choose a
premise D card and this time select su
bin and hit power
yes install now that's done - so now
again navigate select go back and hit
reboot system now just wait for your
canvas HD to boot back up
all right we back up guys so now when
you go into your settings as in your app
I've draw you will see Super User just
open it and hit okay enough
lemmie okay once a so guys enough go on
to the Play Store and download and
install root checker so hitting install
it'll take us a few seconds here just
wait for it to complete and once it's
installed just open it up and hit check
love and now you see it super user found
access granted so so that's very much
you guys for ruling the Micromax canvas
HD if you run into any issues or if you
have any questions you can hit us up at
customer comp slash forums the links are
in the description and before you go
make sure you hit the like and subscribe
buttons and if you guys want to stay
updated on the latest updates and videos
you can hit me up on Facebook Twitter or
Google+ again all connect ideas are in
the description so guys if you want go
ahead and unroot your Micromax canvas HD
a 1-1 6 if you want to sell it off or
send it in for warranty again the
tutorial to do the same the link is
there in the description so go ahead
check around so that's pretty much it
guys thanks for watching it's actually
from curse popular consoling off you
guys are great a Cabana
you